MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 PICO Developer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Other dependencies and licenses:

Open Source Software Licensed Under the Apache License 2.0 License:
---
1. ai.natml.natcorder 1.8.3


Terms of the Apache License 2.0 License:
---
Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004

http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions
granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is
based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by
the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on
behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the
Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems
that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing
and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked
or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a
Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of
whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated
within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object
form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to
which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to
You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

  a. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of
    this License; and

  b. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
    You changed the files; and

  c. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
    distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from
    the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to
    any part of the Derivative Works; and

  d. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then
    any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
    attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
    notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least
    one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of
    the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided
    along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the
    Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear.
    The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
    not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within
    Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the
    NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices
    cannot be construed as modifying the License.

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole,
provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies
with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or
rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You
may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of
any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against,
such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional
liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend
that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same
"printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within
third-party archives.

  Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License,
  Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law
  or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  governing permissions and limitations under the License.


Open Source Software Licensed Under Other License:
---
1. TextMeshPro v3.0.6
     TextMesh Pro copyright © 2021 Unity Technologies ApS

2. DoTween v1.2.745
     Copyright (c) 2014 Daniele Giardini - Demigiant

3. 3D Model Resources
    CC Attribution

Terms of the Unity Companion License:
---

Licensed under the Unity Companion License for Unity-dependent projects--see [Unity Companion License](http://www.unity3d.com/legal/licenses/Unity_Companion_License).

Unless expressly provided otherwise, the Software under this license is made available strictly on an “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Please review the license for details on these and other terms and conditions.

Terms of the Unity AssetStore Free License:
---

Licensed under the ASSET STORE TERMS OF SERVICE AND EULA--see [ASSET STORE TERMS OF SERVICE AND EULA](https://unity.com/cn/legal/as-terms).

Terms of the DoTween License:
---
DOTween License
Copyright (c) 2014 Daniele Giardini - Demigiant


Non-legalese summary

  * You can freely use DOTween in both commercial and non-commercial projects.

  * You can modify the code only for your own use and you cannot redistribute
    modified versions.

  * DOTween was/is hard work: please respect the copyright.


Definitions

  * Copyright Holder

    * Daniele Giardini - Demigiant.


  * You/Your

    * Means any person who would like to copy, distribute, or modify the Package.


  * Package

    * Means the collection of files distributed by the Copyright Holder, and
      derivatives of that collection and/or of those files. A given Package may
      consist of either the Standard Version, or a Modified Version.


  * Distribute

    * Means providing a copy of the Package or making it accessible to anyone
      else, or in the case of a company or organization, to others outside of
      your company or organization.


  * Standard Version

    * Refers to the Package if it has not been modified, or has been modified
      only in ways explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.


  * Modified Version

    * Means the Package, if it has been changed, and such changes were not
      explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.


License

You are permitted to use the Standard Version and create and use Modified
Versions for any purpose without restriction, provided that you do not Distribute
the Modified Version.

You may Distribute verbatim copies of the Source form of the Standard Version of
this Package in any medium without restriction, either gratis or for a
Distributor Fee, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright
notices and associated disclaimers and also include the original readme.txt file.
At your discretion, such verbatim copies may or may not include a Compiled form
of the Package.

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified Versions is
governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or distributing the
Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify, or distribute the Package,
if you do not accept this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service mark,
tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

License:
CC BY 4.0
Deed
Canonical URL  https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
See the legal code
You are free to:
Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format for any purpose, even commercially.
Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
Under the following terms:
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit , provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made . You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
Notices:
You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation .

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.